docs: additional information on prometheus configuration (#559)
gravitee-io/gravitee-docs: pages/node/partial/metrics.adoc

If you are running the application in a Docker container, set the IP to the IP address of the container.
Each change requires a restart.

== Configure labels

> Labels are used to provide dimensionality to a metric. For instance, metrics related to a http request have a `http_path` label, which allows then to query timeseries for a specific path, or any other operation on timeseries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels are used to differentiate the characteristics of the thing that is being measured. For instance, metrics related to a http request have a `http_path` label, which allows then to query timeseries for a specific path, or any other operation on timeseries.
```

https://prometheus.io/docs/practices/naming/#labels
